Mock That Interview
Tue, Mar 10, 2026

0:44 - Olaoluwa Odusanya
Hi, Garrett. I don't know if I got the pronunciation correctly. I apologize if I didn't get that correctly. Okay, I think this is just in Notetaker. I hope I'm audible though.

1:09 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

1:30 - Olaoluwa Odusanya
Hi. Hi, Leon.

1:32 - Leon Basin
Hey, how's it going?

1:35 - Olaoluwa Odusanya
Yeah, I'm good. How are you?

1:39 - Ayomide Adebisi
How are you doing?

1:41 - Olaoluwa Odusanya
Yeah, I'm doing perfect. Can you guys hear me well? Am I very loud because I'm connected to my speaker?

1:47 - Ayomide Adebisi
Yeah, I can hear you. Let me just... Yeah, I can hear you well. Let me see if I can ping Read one.

1:54 - Olaoluwa Odusanya
Okay, perfect. I think Gerald, Jared, I don't know if I got the pronunciation correctly.

2:01 - Leon Basin
Yeah, he's good. Yep. Yeah, he's here.

2:05 - Olaoluwa Odusanya
Okay, he's here.

2:09 - Garrett Blakeslee
Good afternoon or evening where everybody is. Nice to meet you all.

2:13 - Olaoluwa Odusanya
Yeah, nice to meet you again. It's evening over here. Yes. Okay, so I think we're just waiting for one person. Yeah. Okay, joining joining a few seconds.

2:35 - Leon Basin
Sounds good. No worries. Well, how do I say your name? Is it? Yeah. Yeah.

2:40 - Ayomide Adebisi
Which one?

2:49 - Leon Basin
No, that's American, man. I want to call you by your real name.

2:53 - Ayomide Adebisi
This is my nickname, so that's what everybody calls me. Okay.

2:59 - Leon Basin
All right. Sounds good. Sounds good. And this is ridwan here. Hey, ridwan. How are you doing?

3:05 - Unidentified Speaker
I'm doing quite well. And you?

3:06 - Leon Basin
I'm doing well. I'm doing well. Where are you guys located?

3:08 - ridwan aguda
I currently stay in the UK. We're both in the UK.

3:14 - Leon Basin
Both of you? Okay. Awesome. How's the UK over there? I'm hearing mixed reviews but that's the Western media I tell you so therefore I can't trust them that's why I have to hear from you guys.

3:26 - ridwan aguda
It's kind of nice I mean it's safe.

3:29 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah it depends where I guess right?

3:32 - ridwan aguda
Yeah it depends where but majority of the cities are safe to be honest.

3:37 - Leon Basin
Oh that's good that's good I guess it's just mostly London. Yeah that makes sense that makes sense well thank you gentlemen. Ola please go take it away.

3:46 - Olaoluwa Odusanya
Okay, yeah, so it's really great having everybody here. So, we would like to connect everybody. So, Leon, thank you for joining and he's here with Garrett. So, Leon, this is Ayo and ridwan. So, they're working on a platform called Mock That Interview, a brief that I sent a couple of weeks ago. So, they focus on helping people practice and prepare for interviews. And Hajo and ridwan, this is Leon, he's my friend, he's my partner, and he's here with Garrett. They have strong experiences around GTM, tech, and they'll be helping at this stage, ideas. Basically just think about growth and position in GTM, that's basically the meaning of GTM, go to marketing. And he's also here, like I mentioned, with his friend, And I thought it would be great for everybody to just connect together. I might not be able to speak as much because I'm in a monitored training, actually. So I'll stay on the call, but I'll stay in the background. But you can also feel free to ask me any question at any time. I'll do my best to answer. So anybody can just take it from there right now.

5:05 - Leon Basin
That's perfect, Ola. Thank you so much. That's a nice introduction. Yeah, so I can give you a little bit about myself And I'll have Garrett talk a little bit about himself. So I've spent 15 in software, SaaS and cybersecurity. I've led teams on the sales side, sales leadership, business development partnerships. And then recently, I just finished a role in cybersecurity out of Europe trying to break into the United States. I was building everything from scratch when it comes to go-to-market strategies and the partnerships. And so now I do part-time my own consulting firm. So that just gives you a little glimpse there. Garrett, would you like to take it away? Give a little glimpse of yourself. Garrett, are you there? He's not there. He was there. Hey, can you hear me now? I can hear you.

5:59 - Garrett Blakeslee
Can you hear us? Yeah, so I'm from Silicon. Yeah, I can hear you guys fine. So I'm from Silicon Valley. Originally. I lived there my whole life, got into the big tech industry probably around 15 years ago and have since worked for some of the Bay Area's biggest tech companies, Google, Facebook, Amazon, IBM, and I basically was a data center infrastructure engineer that slowly started to get more into the entrepreneur mindset and decided to leave a really well-paying job to kind of adventure my way into working with different companies like yourself to produce products and help integrating using my abilities as a GTM industry professional. So I am currently still in California. I've known Leon for quite a while and we're trying to basically create solutions for businesses like yourself, so.

7:05 - Leon Basin
That's perfect. Thank you, Garrett. Gentlemen, please go ahead, Ayo and ridwan, whoever wants to go first to introduce themselves.

7:14 - Ayomide Adebisi
I can go first then. Okay. I think my name is Ayo Midi, so I've worked as a software engineer, cloud engineer, and multiple things. Currently, I'm trying to build Mobda I just found the, we found the gap between people getting ready for interviews and people actually like doing the interviews. I've been in a CTU for, for an EdTech company before. So that was how I was able to figure out this niche. Yeah, currently what Mugda interview is trying to focus on is mostly the B2C and B2B aspect. You mostly have the, the infrastructure built. I think we're trying to find the best way to sell it and the best way to figure out exactly what people want to buy. Yeah, I think that's how we give more information. I don't know if you guys have been able to go through the website.

8:15 - ridwan aguda
Yes. Okay. Yes. Yes. Okay.

8:21 - ridwan aguda
Should I should I go next?

8:22 - Unidentified Speaker
Oh, yes, please.

8:24 - ridwan aguda
Okay. My name is Reid one. My background is basically, I've been a software engineer, project product manager, and currently, my current role, I'm ICT lead. I've worked in various products from software as a product and so many other products as well. I'm also the co-founder of this firm, and I'm founder of other startups as well. So, like I already said, we found a gap when we finished uni and stuff, that. So we're trying to create this solution to fill those gaps as well. Yeah, so that's pretty much it.

9:02 - Leon Basin
That's perfect. Yeah, thank you gentlemen. All right, so I created a quick slide, like a deck with five slides. They're very minimal. I just want to gather some insights, some intel, understand exactly, you know, one second, hold on one second, my wife is calling me. So give me a second here. Okay, I apologize. My wife was calling. So no worries. I'm going to share my screen now. And we'll walk through this quick deck here. And there's some insights, some Intel, learn a little bit more about you guys. So I went through your website. So good job. Give me a little bit of a background, you know, how far along you are in the go to market you know, uh, phase. And then also maybe, you know, who's working on what, how big is your team? I saw maybe around like what, five to 10 people, maybe around five. Um, I also saw that you guys are out of London, which you already mentioned. Uh, you know, where are you trying to focus your attention? I understand, you know, it's going to be the universities, the MBA programs, career centers, bootcamps. So yeah, just start there, whoever wants to take it, please go ahead.

10:15 - Ayomide Adebisi
Okay, I think I can probably explain this. Currently, we're trying to target B2B and B2C, but the bulk of the money is supposed to be coming from B2C, from B2B anyway. So we have this program whereby we can deploy our software as a SaaS, or as an add-on for the B2B guys. So imagine like your bootcamp trying to done with like teaching their students and things like that. And basically they want to make them job ready for the next stage of their careers. So basically B2B is basically the university, the bootcamp, buying into the software and having their own private deployment. Of the software, right?

11:06 - Leon Basin
Okay, so do you mind if I ask follow-up questions? Do you want me to wait to ask those? Yeah, I just wanna dig into a little bit more of the framing, I guess, for the go-to-market. I think that's very important. Once that's baseline is, you know, we have a foundation, it's a lot easier to figure out what the strategy looks like, So are you focused on university students? And once there are like software, IT space or are there more specific industries that you're focused on?

11:37 - Ayomide Adebisi
So currently the platform can work for technical and non-technical backgrounds. So not just software. So basically you're coming from, I say project management, you're coming from something else. We can, the platform currently can simulate interviews for you based on that.

11:56 - Leon Basin
So is the, is it like showing on the phone, on the iPad? On iDevices, how are you able to track? Is it similar to Cluee? Have you heard of Cluee? No. So if you type in Cluee with a C, the individual's from Yale and he dropped out to start his own, but he's been kind of following the trends in the marketing space in order to stand out and raise funds. So he raised 20 million. And the reason he did that is because of the whole social media push. So you want to make sure to structure properly in the sound like you're doing that. So my question to you is, where are you trying to focus specifically, though, because it's a little bit broad, if you're focused on everybody, right? So is there a specific, you know, maybe university specifically, maybe in the MBA programs, or is it all of them at the same time, because you have some customers in that space, give me a little bit more background there.

12:51 - Ayomide Adebisi
Ideally, we're trying to focus on universities and bootcamps.

12:56 - Leon Basin
Okay. In which areas, which regions, which territories?

13:00 - Ayomide Adebisi
Okay. So yeah, we're trying to, uh, are you trying to talk about like in a software engineering or technical or non-technical? You tell me, you tell me what you're focusing on technical or non-technical, but if you, if you think streamlining is, uh, is smarter than yes. Uh, we have about 200 registered users and I can see about them, 180 uh, technical.

13:25 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

13:26 - Ayomide Adebisi
Right. So I guess that's, that's probably, that's the answer.

13:30 - Leon Basin
Yeah. At least for now. Yeah, for now. Yeah, exactly. To scale. And then to get to the point of, you know, if you're trying to raise a series sometime in the future, cause you're pretty serious right now. Right.

13:43 - Ayomide Adebisi
Yeah. So currently we're trying to see if we can self-destruct this and we can, we can think about that in future.

13:51 - Leon Basin
I mean, you're definitely interested in getting this. You're trying to launch this as an actual company or product or how are you positioning in the market?

14:02 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay. Very nice.

14:06 - Leon Basin
Okay. So this is kind of how I'm thinking about it. You know, my outside reason is that it's not just more outreach, right? Ola told me the leads is a huge problem. So how did you get those 200? I mean, that's very good number for where you guys are at. Tell me a little bit more about that.

14:21 - Ayomide Adebisi
Most of those came from, what's the name? Most of those came from organic traffic. Oh, that's great. I did a lot of SEO on the website. And based on the Google Search Console, I can see that we had a lot of people from the US, people from the UK, India, Pakistan, people around actually just finding the website organically. And this is without pushing. So if you search like technical, like simulated technical interview, mock the interview, probably be in the first page. So if you try to do like go simulate technical interview, simulate HR interview, simulate recruiter interview, probably mock the interview in the first page.

15:08 - Leon Basin
That makes a lot of sense. And I do like that you got the domain, mock that interview. That's actually very wise. Whose decision was that?

15:16 - Ayomide Adebisi
I bought it a couple of years ago.

15:20 - Leon Basin
Good, good. That's a very good domain. I mean, it makes a lot of sense. All right. So my kind of idea is account-based marketing. I'm sure you heard of that term being thrown around, but it's really the new frontier when it comes to getting people to your website or really either a service or a product. And I think the SEO is kind of going away. I'm sure you've been following along with what's happening. LLMs are kind of taking over.

15:44 - Ayomide Adebisi
I think, uh, what's the name of this is something you, I forgot the name of that.

15:51 - Leon Basin
Yeah. Or something. Yeah, exactly. Uh, I forgot the terminology too.

15:57 - Ayomide Adebisi
Yeah.

15:57 - Ayomide Adebisi
Basically it's like, it's about like adding like LLM dot CXT to like your website. So, uh, if you're asking something like Gemini, you probably have a view also. So the, the LLMs are able to find our website. So I, I cover part of the business.

16:13 - Leon Basin
I love that. Okay, then are you doing it yourself? Are you delegating to team members? Like, how are you structuring that?

16:21 - Ayomide Adebisi
We are about just five. Okay, well, four, yeah, about four or five people that we have. So I basically have some AI agents that basically do the coding.

16:34 - Ayomide Adebisi
So nice.

16:37 - Ayomide Adebisi
So apart from that, I Uh, someone does the full design, someone Read one and someone else handles the marketing. I think that's mostly been it. I think the, our main problem is actually like getting and getting people to pay. So I understand if, if, uh, I think that's probably the, the, the core part right now, we've gotten feedback from the website. This is really good. So getting people to pay and getting people to and getting like companies which is like getting like a full boot camp so if you get a full boot camp you get like loads of people at once right instead of just one person paying like you know ten dollars ten pounds or something so with the 200 customers are those not a consistent monthly users are they just one-time users like how is that I mean I could see They've been one-time users because they prepare for their interview and then they're on their way, right?

17:43 - Unidentified Speaker
You should have captured them.

17:45 - Ayomide Adebisi
Yeah. So the platform doesn't only allow them to prepare for interviews. One of the functionalities of the platform is that they can search for jobs on the platform. They can basically create their cover letter on the platform using AI. They can generate a CV for any job they have. We also have like this Kanban stuff. Whereby they can manage their jobs that they apply for, apply to. So it's kind of useful.

18:11 - Leon Basin
You're trying to make it like a, are you trying to make it like a, um, yeah, like a market, anything.

18:18 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

18:20 - Ayomide Adebisi
Okay. And who's your competition in UK?

18:23 - Ayomide Adebisi
Um, ideally it is based on what I've seen. There's really no much competition. Um, uh, and also I've, I've reached out to, like I said, I was a CTO for a boot camp before. Yeah. The problems most bootcamps have and my friends are finished bootcamps like they don't. Once the bootcamp teaches them the baseline, what they need to do, bootcamps don't teach them how to pass interviews.

18:49 - Leon Basin
Sure. Of course. And that's the biggest problem and biggest, yeah, the feedback that they've been receiving.

18:56 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

18:57 - Leon Basin
No, I was going to say, I feel like bootcamps are somewhat going away because it's such easy access to the tools like you're mentioning your own agents I've run my own agents too so I think it's also with Gem within Gemini there's a way to to practice and I feel like Generation Z is purchasing like the way they purchase you know and train for their jobs is totally different than what Millennials were doing so I think the trends need to be followed.

19:22 - Ayomide Adebisi
I think there's still there's still a lot of like bootcamps in the UK because I had we had we have an systems here that she generated a lead, I think over 50 bootcamps. I think we have them in an Excel sheet. And the, the leads of those bootcamps on LinkedIn, we've identified leads, right? So we have an Excel sheet with all these people, but we've not, we've not reached out to them. We've not tried to sell the product to them and we've not done anything with those leads.

19:57 - Leon Basin
Okay. And so those leads are cold leads. They'll be essentially scraped from LinkedIn though, right?

20:05 - Ayomide Adebisi
We just researched all the, you know, and training centers in the UK across like software engineering, project management, people we want to focus on and then we found their leads and then we saved them in an Excel sheet.

20:21 - Leon Basin
So if you were to do code outreach, right, what is the process that you've been utilizing? Which channels, I guess, like is it LinkedIn, email and phone calls?

20:33 - Ayomide Adebisi
Ideally LinkedIn, I think everyone has mostly been sending connection requests, because we're trying to play the long game to connect with you guys before we start having their own messages. Yeah, so I think that's probably the only thing we've been doing.

20:52 - ridwan aguda
Also, in addition to what he's saying, in terms of those leads generation, we've been sending out emails as well, right? For potential partnership in some of these bootcamps. And not only, AY has been mentioned in bootcamps, but not only bootcamps as well, we've been making outreach to universities as well. So recently we've gotten some outreach from some colleges and universities in some certain district as well. They have actually reached out to us and booked some phone calls. Himself. Right. So, you know, when you build a product is based on you. We work on user feedback. Right. So in terms of reach, we've been reaching out to a lot of people that they have told another person or other people about the product and they have reached out to us. Right.

21:50 - ridwan aguda
So, yeah.

21:52 - Leon Basin
Yes.

21:53 - Leon Basin
That's helpful.

21:54 - Leon Basin
Thank you. So but these are these mostly like if you had to break the let's say the percentage of how many cold outreaches based on emails, you know, LinkedIn messages, connections, how, what would you rate that? Like what percentage from one to a hundred?

22:11 - ridwan aguda
You've been doing most of that, so you can just.

22:22 - Ayomide Adebisi
Okay. So I would, I would say like 70.

22:31 - ridwan aguda
70% right. 70% cold.

22:34 - Leon Basin
Yeah. Yes.

22:36 - Leon Basin
And how many, and how many do you, do you have the, the activity stats? Like how many messages you've sent? What's the conversion rate, reply rate, click rate, any of those things.

22:49 - ridwan aguda
Okay. So, um, in terms of, um, the emails, to be very honest, everyone we've reached out to have gotten back to us, but not all of them would give possible and positive answer, you know.

23:01 - Leon Basin
So some people... Is the response better than email response?

23:06 - ridwan aguda
Yes, we've gotten response from everyone that we have reached out to, aside from the LinkedIn ones.

23:11 - Leon Basin
Yeah, aside from LinkedIn.

23:13 - ridwan aguda
Based on how many messages?

23:18 - ridwan aguda
If it is email, right, email responses, I think we've reached out to about maybe 45 people. And we've gotten, we've gotten responses from all those 45. But of course, only like, let's say like four to five of them are actively, you know, following up, like, oh, they are interested in this. They are currently working on something and they'll get back to us kind of thing. But in terms of LinkedIn, to be honest, I can't, I don't know the numbers, right.

23:50 - Leon Basin
But we don't really get a lot of, Yeah, it's more comes down to like proof of concept, right? Like they're, you know, this is someone new and then a lot of folks do pitch in LinkedIn. I think it's more important to treat it as a sequence similar to an email, right? So you don't want to just blast and then pitch in the first connection. So that's my recommendation. If you're doing that, if you're essentially adding them and then pitching them on, on your solution, that's not going to save you a lot of time. It well with them, right? But that's helpful. Okay, but 45 is good enough to a certain extent if you're very targeted with your outreach. Do you think that you have like targeted accounts, targeted contacts?

24:36 - ridwan aguda
Yes, yes, yes. So these 45 people are really targeted. They are contact from people actually working in universities that we've gotten from either friends, family and things like that. Oh, wonderful. So past relationship as well, you know, he has some people he has worked with and he's a CTO also. I'm also a co-founder and a founder in some other companies. Yeah, so they really respond because they have either heard of the products from me, one person or the other. So when we are reaching out to them, oh, they just acknowledge it.

25:11 - Ayomide Adebisi
And many of them are interested, but we have not actually gotten, you know, sales is what so it's just you of course but it's one game right I think I can give some information here yeah if you have access to go to the website the mock.interview.com okay um can you I think you're sharing your screen yeah go on go on the website yeah let's remove that interview so I put a link in the chat also yeah so if you click on like enterprise ideally you'd be able to see which We've had someone to reach out to us through here, which is like book a demo. We click on book a demo, basically like a calendar link whereby you can book like a one-on-one session. So we had someone from the US, I think it's, what's the name of the company again, ridwan? Yeah, it was sometime last month. I think I've forgotten about, I've forgotten the name of the company.

26:36 - Leon Basin
Yeah, I was just saying, I was able to actually log in into a demo. So I was able to do that. And I'm wondering if that was like a preview. Or are you giving the whole solution up in center, like front and center?

26:53 - Ayomide Adebisi
Booking a demo is just like booking a call. We may Read one.

26:57 - Leon Basin
No, no, I mean, I actually was able to log into the actual solution into the platform. I created an account.

27:04 - Unidentified Speaker
see guys are able to log in.

27:05 - Leon Basin
Ah, I see. I see. Okay. Okay. And that's the whole, you're, you're offering the whole solution front and center, like you essentially letting them take a test run. Right. And then they're able to, for how long they get three credits on a signup.

27:22 - Ayomide Adebisi
We used to give 10, people are using the 10 completely. So it was like three credits on signup and you can use those three to like do interviews and things like that. But someone reached out to us through here and I guess they were trying to, they're currently contemplating either building this internally or using this as a platform. But I think they said they'll be making a decision in the next two months. So I guess that's when we'll be getting like a feedback from them.

27:57 - Leon Basin
Okay. Yeah. I mean, I would say universities is where you wanna focus your attention. If you look through 200 customers, let's say, and if you come out where 70 of them, 70% them are universities, that's where I would focus my attention. I mean, sometimes it's simplification more than anything, and then figuring out kind of the A-B test, right? You're trying this motion versus this motion, this subject line versus this subject line, right? And so if you follow that along, you could always do and then boot camps as a way to test ABC or AB and see which one works out. So that's my recommendation is to focus your attention there. And then I would run it for 30 days, 60 days, right? I mean, universities is very difficult to sell to. Is it international universities or is it within UK or America's? International, yeah. And I could tell you from United States, it's very hard to get into the universities. I used to sell cybersecurity solutions to universities. And it's very difficult, especially nowadays. But I think with Udacity, Udemy, I do have a connection. I'm doing some consulting work for a sales training assessment company. And they have a Udacity and Udemy course. So maybe there's a way to partnership there. I would have to figure out how to do that properly. My recommendation is picking two paths and then figuring out which one gives you the best return, ROI. Let me just go through a few more slides and see what else I have. So how are you getting customers? So you said referrals, correct? Mostly referrals, connections, introductions. So it's mostly warm leads. Are you getting any inbounds right now? You said you got one from the enterprise and then that's from SEO. Um, how, how much are you spending? What's your ad spend for SEO right now? And is it within Google? Have you tried Facebook, Instagram, TikTok, any of those channels?

29:58 - Ayomide Adebisi
Currently we've not, we've not done any of that. We have plans for that, but we, we just, everything, everything we're getting right now is a gun Okay, that's good that you do get in organic and you're getting some traction though.

30:11 - Leon Basin
And how long you said again, remind me please, how long you've been running this company?

30:17 - Ayomide Adebisi
November, December, January, February, let's say four months plus.

30:22 - Leon Basin
Oh, you're doing very well. Congratulations. That's exciting. I mean, I think there's definitely a need for this and we could use Cluey as an example of the need for there, but for them, What they do is when you're doing the interview, the phone gives the transcripts of that interview. So I hope you're not doing that, right? It's more of just training and kind of similar to some other tools that I've heard. I can't think of it from the top of my head, but I could send you some examples that I'm thinking about. So let's see here. Why do you think the deal stalls? So you get them to sign up, they're using your platform, they're using your tools. How long are they using it? Where did they churn? Meaning like, when did they stop using it? Is it after they complete their resume? After they practice? How many times did they use it? And what happens afterwards after you follow up, let's say, and how many, do you have numbers on how many people left and how many people came back?

31:19 - Ayomide Adebisi
I don't really have much numbers on, on how that's tracked. Cause I think I, I don't, I don't think I've been checking as I've been logging the number of times they logged in and things like that. But I think currently people use it once, twice, three times. I guess their credit is expired and then like, that's it. We're doing this currently, we're always working on like sending like emails, like follow-up marketing emails, once we pull back to the platform.

31:54 - Leon Basin
Is there any, so did you measure what the response rate is there? If there has been any like data points of you know why there yes that's still in works so we're not done with that yet okay I just want to also mention that we're at time now I'm okay to go for another like five ten minutes if you're all okay with that or we could reschedule whatever yeah I guess yeah I guess we can reschedule or if you have any other insights we don't what do you think I mean I would have to get a a little bit more information. I have a few more slides if you want me to go through those. But I guess, you know, based on what have, yeah. Did someone say something?

32:38 - ridwan aguda
No, no, no, you can continue. I was saying that you could, I'm fine with, I'm fine with the two times, I'm fine with the five minutes, if you don't mind. Except why you want to do something else.

32:50 - Ayomide Adebisi
We're good.

32:51 - Leon Basin
If you want to go through the other slides, Yeah, I just want to get together some more information and I can put something together for you like a 30 6090 plan if you'd like or let me what what would make sense to you right now. Based on you know, the discussion so far, give me some feedback on what you're looking for. I understand leads. But before you get to leads before you get to sales, you there's a huge motion that's missing right. And so if you don't get that, you know, right, and it's just it's hard to scale. So 200 customers is good. But something is happening kind of in the middle where they're they used the product or they liked the product, the feedback is good, what's happening kind of in the middle. And so that's what I'm trying to kind of figure out. So let me see.

33:33 - ridwan aguda
So to just help you figure out something, right. So I noticed some trends in some people. The reason why we reduced the 10 credit to three credits is the fact that some people sign up with another email, right, still use another 10 credit. And so we reduced it to three. So if you really do like the platform, you should pay for it. We just did that recently. We don't know if that will work. But people are still signing up daily. At least each day we are getting one user or two users. Some days we get more. Like AY Rifle said, we have over 200 now. So yeah, just to clarify that part here.

34:19 - Leon Basin
That's helpful. And so I was, what was the pricing again for, is it per month that you're charging or, or one-time use? I'm wondering if there's a way to kind of tier it, like one-time use versus, oh, here's the pricing. Okay. So free is 10 credits. So make sure to update it to three credits there. And so it's using AI, like an agent that they could talk to. Like I've been looking for something, what you guys have, I would actually use it in my, in my use case. Is it an agent that you talk to and how does that work? Is it all through the website?

34:52 - Ayomide Adebisi
Yeah, it's through the website. So you have to like speak to an AI recruiter or whatever stage of interview you're trying to simulate.

35:01 - Leon Basin
And what models are you using for that, like the underlining? We have a couple of models.

35:10 - Ayomide Adebisi
We have four box. Okay.

35:13 - Leon Basin
And are you thinking about developing your own models? Based on the data that you're getting from all the users?

35:20 - Ayomide Adebisi
No, it's not enough.

35:23 - Ayomide Adebisi
So we're just saving it for now.

35:26 - Leon Basin
Okay. Sounds good. So this is how I would kind of define the way that if we were to work together, you know, sharpening the offer. So it sounds like you're getting there already. Then I would build a target list, which you're already doing. I'll create the outbound motion. I think this is where, you know, it's very, very difficult to create an outbound motion, especially if you go to international So my recommendation is focusing on specific region and then maybe a zip code as an example, right? And then figuring out the data you're receiving based on the zip code, if you could go somewhere where there's maybe a lot more opportunity, right? And that's based on market data and market research. And then let me see here, another slide. So what I would do is I would scope the motion. So like I said, I could take this information that we've gathered so far, put like a 30, 60, 90 plan. I could then decide what kind of tier I could provide you with. So I'm essentially designing a go-to-market strategy, that outbound motion. I think it's important to get very dialed in on the inbound motion, too. Sounds like you're getting leads. The search engine optimization is working, so maybe turning that up a little bit. And then maybe including something like webinars, maybe Instagram push. I think there's a lot of folks who are in IT that are going some of those, you know, subcategories of, you know, maybe even Reddit, where they're hanging out. I have an example for when I was selling cybersecurity, I went on Reddit as an example in order to drum up leads and opportunities. And I was able to book three meetings out of that simply just talking about my use case, which was in healthcare, letting them know what I was trying to do, which was setting up, you know, an environment in cybersecurity. And then I was able to book three meetings. Things out of that, and that took about 48 hours to do that. So there's definitely different channels that you could try where, aside from just search engine optimization, you could also get some leads from other mediums or other places. So that's what I would do there. Just to close it out, this is the last slide here. So I think what it makes sense is a demo. So I was able to log in, but I would love for you to walk me through, once a person logs in, is there an introduction? Screen, I didn't see anything like that. It was just some buttons on the left. I think if that can be sharpened a little bit, then the likelihood of them staying like they want to be bought into the platform, right. And if you're trying to make it, you know, like a marketplace, right, you want them to be fully bought in. So they're telling their friends, that's probably going to be the best way to get more people on your platform, at least initially. And then from there, you can scale. So figuring out What would make people refer? Maybe it's, you know, 30 days or one week free, right? So you could use those kind of tactics too in order to get someone to stay and then offer to their friends. So what we could do is if you have the ability later this week, or we could do it at the beginning of next week, I think another 30 minutes for a demo would make sense. And then before that time, I could put something together at If you're interested, let me know kind of what you're thinking and how are you seeing this.

38:47 - ridwan aguda
I think we'll definitely love to have more conversation. It's just dependent on your own availability as well. You can give us your availability, then we'll work with that. I think this time works really well with us. So at the same time, I don't know which, yeah, this time, but I don't know, maybe, I don't know you have a limited, so let's communicate on that. Let's, let's make something work from there.

39:15 - Leon Basin
Okay. That sounds good. Let's see here. Okay. So should we book it now? Or did you want me to email you some options? I can pull it up my calendar now, so I could tell you. Could you Friday?

39:31 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay, Friday, what time?

39:32 - Leon Basin
Friday, I could. Yeah, I could do. I could do So it's 11 now. So I think we started at 1030. So at the same time, Friday. Okay.

39:46 - ridwan aguda
Are you? Yeah, that was me. Okay. All right. Does that work for you? If you're trying to talk, your mic is on mute. I think his network is bad. I don't know. I'll try to, you could just send us a build and I'll try to maybe we'll run through or allow something.

40:16 - Leon Basin
Okay. Yeah. Let's do that. Maybe he could book it for us again. I think he could just add another. Yeah. Yeah. Um, if you want, you can give me your emails here and I'll follow up with the Okay.

40:28 - ridwan aguda
I'll send, can I pull my email please?

40:32 - Leon Basin
Yeah, yeah, exactly.

40:35 - Garrett Blakeslee
You guys have to cut this off. I've got another call that I need to hop on. But it was really nice meeting you guys. I'm excited to see where we can make things work. And then I'll talk to Leon after this call. And yeah, really, I'll meet you guys. Thank you, Garrett.

40:53 - Leon Basin
Yeah, go ahead, ridwan. Give me your email and IO's email. There? Are you in the middle of something?

41:03 - Olaoluwa Odusanya
Yes, sir. Yes. Meeting and the training. Yes.

41:08 - Leon Basin
No worries. Please go ahead. Yeah, yeah. We're listening.

41:13 - Ayomide Adebisi
Okay, I was just giving you my email.

41:16 - Leon Basin
Okay, thank you. Okay, thank you both gentlemen. Okay, sounds good. So but give me some some thoughts on, you know, what you're reading. How does the sound I would love to get a little bit more versus just going through the motions, like what sounds, what makes sense, what questions do you still have so I could put a better plan together?

41:36 - Ayomide Adebisi
I mean, like you said, maybe I can go for even just the focused, the targeted focus on universities and things like that will probably put us in a better position. So I think that's what I think. What do you think, ridwan?

41:55 - ridwan aguda
I totally agree. Because yeah, I totally agree with you. So universities definitely.

42:01 - Leon Basin
Okay, so I would do boot camps, universities. We'll start there, right? And did you have a specific budget in mind, timeline? You know, I'm sure it's urgent, but I'm trying to understand a little bit more about that.

42:19 - Ayomide Adebisi
I think we can just see what you guys have.

42:22 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

42:23 - Ayomide Adebisi
And we can, we can, we can, like, we strategize and plan.

42:26 - Leon Basin
Okay, sounds good. So I'll do like a 30, 60, 90 plan. I'll send that over before the call on Friday. And I'm looking forward to the demo.

42:37 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay, sounds good.

42:39 - Leon Basin
Thank you so much, gentlemen. Nice meeting you. Nice talking to you. Take care of yourselves.

42:45 - Unidentified Speaker
Thank you, everyone.

42:46 - Leon Basin
Thank you as well. You take care. Bye-bye.